People have always been striving for progress, they have researched, studied, over time complicating the device of surrounding things, to create advanced technologies. So, the profession of engineer appeared. Moreover, there are many areas of this profession, which we will describe later.
Engineering is a very extensive profession that includes a huge number of things around us: from electrical to genetic engineering, they are an essential part of modern world. For example, in the morning we wake up in houses built with civil engineering, go to university, or work in cars that have passed a safety test because of modern mechanical engineering. We can use the achievements of biomedical engineering every day when we are sick.
The contribution of engineering to society is huge, but now, during the pandemic, the best of all we can see the importance of biomedical engineering. develop new medicines is not easy, so at the beginning of the pandemic, doctors tried to solve a problem by finding new uses for old products. This, unfortunately, did not work out put into practice. But doctors and scientists were not only doing this, but also working in a laboratory on a new vaccine. Russia found itself at the cutting edge of creating a vaccine that to give the country a sense of pride.
Apart from the pandemic, there are other threats to humanity. For instance, space objects that threaten to crash into the Earth. Despite the fact that we often hear news on this topic, in fact everything is not so good and there are significant problems.
In the first, even with high-powered instruments, it is very rare to put them into practice. Of course, scientists and engineers implement an engineering project, but they do not make a full size version, since test a theory is obtained only on small fragments of meteorites or on metals similar in composition to meteorites. Therefore, making predictions about behavior is very difficult. In the second, there is a problem of detecting such cosmic bodies. Even the most modern research centers that keep up to date with modern technologies cannot cope. Now most of the new celestial bodies are discovered by amateur astronomers. Therefore, dreams that people will explore new worlds remain only dreams for now.
It is also important to mention the achievements of the civil engineers who built the Burj Khalifa building. This magnificent ultra-tall giant 828 meters high and cover 3 square kilometers was built on January 4, 2010 with the implementation of state-of-the-art techniques. The building is named after the ruler who invested in the construction to stimulate the country's economic growth by providing a wide range of jobs. At the beginning of construction, the engineers were unable to properly assess the feasibility of the project, although they were to develop a mathematical model and build a mode prototype, but still, in this case, construction was in jeopardy. The building was saved by additional funding.
The Burj Khalifa building is a world record holder and a landmark of the UAE. Many engineers have made a huge contribution to the design of the new skyscraper. At the same time, relatively little money was spent - the project cost 1.5 billion dollars.
Want to note that no matter how important the studies are, they must be environmentally friendly. When building or researching something, it is always necessary to carry out research about the pollution of the environment by these actions. The laws of the countries should state that it is necessary to control and prevent excessive pollution. 
To sum up, there are many branches of engineering and they all play an important role in everyone's life. Engineers ensure progress and move humanity forward in all directions.
